# Here's why I'm salty about the election and Trump winning

Going into the primary season I was and remain a big Bernie supporter.  I was extremely angry with Clinton's campaign (and her) and the DCCC for their actions (yay collusion) deciding that come hell or high water they were going to get a woman elected, doesn't matter if there's a better candidate also running, if we can get the first black president elected we'll do the same for a woman. But looking across the aisle at what Trump was doing/saying made me know I wanted him to lose.  Despite people calling Hillary corrupt etc most of the things she was "accused of" were witch hunts.  I know that voting for a third party in a national election really is pretty much throwing your vote away and frankly until those 3rd parties become viable locally they'll never succeed nationally.  They just become the spoilers.  I don't blame people voting for third parties for the loss last night either.  I blame Clinton for having no apparent substance., I blame her campaign, I blame the media for going along the Trump ride for so long without any push-back on his ridiculous, hateful speech, I blame the DCCC, I blame the Democrat establishment, I blame so many things, probably myself a bit too.
But here's the thing.  I am going to be ok.  I am a white, middle class, heterosexual, male.  I can't remember anything bad that Trump said on the campaign trail with will directly negatively impact me.  He may have said something and it just got drowned out over time, I can't remember.  But that's not what politics/government is about.  The government is supposed to take care of people, all the people.  
##So here's my stance on several issues broken town by subject.
###Religion:
As an atheist I am, by absolutely no means a fan of Islam, Christianity, Judaism. But I actively try not to automatically snub people because of the color of their skin, their heritage,  or their religion.  I do try to engage people in debate about what I perceive to be illogical in their beliefs but as long as their beliefs are not harming or excluding others to the point of harm I'm pretty much ok with it.  I don't blame all members of a religion for the actions of a few.  Every group, once it gets big enough will have a fringe. So when someone starts talking about banning all members of an entire religion from coming to our country it strikes me as being just wrong.
###Science (Global warming & related)
Global warming is a thing.  It is a thing that humans have accelerated.  If there's anything that we can do to slow it down we should.
Science and facts are not subject to your opinion, they just are.  Some things can be subjected to further scrutiny or study but you have to agree on certain things.  The earth is not 6000 years old.  God did not make it in 7 days. If you are trying to argue to the contrary you are wrong.  Saying "Well that's what I believe." doesn't make it correct. Children believe in the tooth fairy and Santa Claus.  You were made to believe by someone who read you a bunch of stuff from a really old book that's full of things that simply aren't true. Saner people who believe in god tend to allow for the fact they they're allegories and just leave it at that.  If they had put "Once upon a time" in the beginning of Genesis it would make things easier for everyone everywhere.
###Financial issues (Taxes):
I think that the rich ARE getting richer and everyone else is just fighting for scraps.  Trickle down doesn't work. 
http://www.cnbc.com/2016/11/09/how-trumps-tax-plan-may-impact-your-returns.html
###Education:
No child left behind is not working like it should and needs to be fixed.  
###Higher Education:
I think that the cost of college is too high and that's not looking to improve any time soon.

###Abortion:
As a white hetero man, I take the stance of pro-choice.  Not my body.  I don't see a growing sack of cells as a human yet.  I could never tell a woman that she has to carry to term, the baby of her rapist or that the life of her unborn child is more important than her own.

###Guns:
I own a gun.  I have owned a gun since I was in 5th grade.
Many democrats vilified Bernie on is stance on guns.  Many democrats need to climb out of their ivory towers and live a little.  Having said that; mentally ill people who would be described by their doctors as a threat to themselves or others should not have guns.
Criminals convicted of violent crimes should not have guns.  People with restraining orders placed against them should have their guns removed from their possession and prevented from purchasing any more guns until the restraining order is lifted. 
If you own a LOT of guns because you think that the government will take your guns... probably shouldn't have guns (See first sentence of this section).
The government should have a single database of people that shouldn't have guns that registered sellers can check to verify they're not selling a gun to a "dangerous" person.  There should be an appeal process to showing up on this list but that would have to be done on a case by case basis.  People on the no flight list shouldn't be able to buy a gun.  Some people argue that there's errors etc. Yes there are. Nothing is perfect but what we have now is so broken it's sick. This database would also include someone's SSN to try and reduce the wrong people from being placed on this list.  
